Colloquia Rug: 2 maal, geregistreerd.
Nikhef Colloquium :     - 27 maart energy recovery in FCCee

Topical Lectures on Higgs Physics:  - 17 June Experimental Status of Higgs Physics by Frank Filthaut (RU)
	Different Higgs decay channels fit for measuring the Higgs properties: bb_bar decays as background, ZZ, WW YY channels as signal.
	Interesting properties of the Higgs: Mass and branching fractions and spin/parity assumptions
	Signs of new physics in gluon and photon loop contributions for for example a 4th quark generation 
	Also covers Super symmetry in Higgs physics, showing that SuperSymmetry is being pushed towards the decoupling limit.

PHYSSTAT-Flavour: - 19 oktober.
	Several talks regarding the use of statistics in flavour physics.
	First talk: Statistical issues in modern beauty and charm flavour physics experiments
	The importance of using the best methods available by your scientific community, and promoting them. Practically speaking, things like systematic uncertainties should be treated consisted among LHCb analyses.
	For example, there are theoretical deliberations favouring symmetric over asymmetric confidence intervals.
	Setting limits on rare searches should be done with well defined coverage probability, and not yield unphysical intervals or limits. 3 sigma is the LHCb choice for reporting a signal rather than an upper limit.
	Flip-Flopping is a serious issue in setting upper limits.
	On systematic uncertainties: they can be either frequentist or Bayesian. How does one take into account discrete variations, as they cannot be modeled as a nuisance parameter in your confidence interval?
	sPlot technique is popular in flavour physics, but indepenence of control variable and variable of interest is not easily shown. Showing a correlation ~0 is insufficient.
	sPlotting with vanishing signals has some bias twoards a positive result, or should allow negative results but results in a less stable fitting procedure.
	Seconds talk: systematic uncertainties in practice. 4 examples are discussed for ATLAS, CMS and LHCb. 3 types of systematic errors: explicit, implicit and discrete.
	Often systematic errors are inflated in order to be on the safe side. This does yield a wrong confidence interval.
	



			